# UCF Homecoming 2012 

A feed aggregator that grabs and parses RSS feeds based on hashtags provided, 
and generates pending posts based on the content found. Currently supports 
Flickr, Instagram, and Twitter feeds.


## Installation

### This theme requires the following plugins:
* (none)

### Required installation settings:
* Upon theme installation, create a new cron job that runs 
functions/feedsubmission-generator.php every 5 minutes
* Create a new top-level page with slug 'newposts' (used to grab new posts via 
autorefresh)
* Create a new top-level page with slug 'admin-update-status' (used to 
approve/trash pending posts via the front end when logged in with editing 
capabilities)
* (Optional) Create a new page with slug 'testing' (this page will use the
template page-testing.php for various debugging purposes)
* Settings -> Reading: set 'Front page displays' to 'Your latest posts'
* Theme Options -> Social: Enable desired services from which to grab RSS feeds,
specify searchable hashtags and other result settings


## Custom Post Types

### Feed Submissions
* All aggregated content from specified feed services are saved as pending Feed 
Submissions. Content generated by admins ('Self posts') should also be
saved as Feed Submissions.


## Important files:
* functions/feedsubmission-generator.php: When loaded, this file runs the function
create_feedsubmissions($feed), which generates pending Feed Submissions based
on the theme's enabled feed services/options.
* page-admin-update-status.php: Template for a page which will update or delete
a given Feed Submission based on GET params passed.
* page-newposts.php: Template for a page which is accessed via ajax via the
interval set in the site theme options; will return the posts within a timeframe
specified via GET params.
* page-testing.php: Template for a page for testing and debugging purposes.


## Notes
* This theme includes front-end post approval capabilities. When logged in, users
with post editing capabilities will see buttons for Approving, Trashing, and
Editing all visible Feed Submissions. Clicking Approve or Trash will initiate
an Ajax request to the page with slug 'admin-update-status', which will update
the post status based on the GET parameters specified in the button link.
* Feed Submissions will display on the front page in descending order, based on
the post's last modified date/time. When editing posts from the front end, in 
order for approved posts to display in the correct order, the administrator should
approve the posts from the bottom of the feed upwards. A modal window will appear
for logged in users when viewing the front page with this information as a 
reminder.